Previously on "How to Get Away
With Murder"...
Banker:
Bermuda North Atlantic Bank.
The balance?
$208,000.
Kelly: Please give
a warm welcome to Solomon Vick.
Solomon:
I know you, Michaela.
I've been waiting for this day
for a long time.
We threw a party.
Everyone was drinking.
Four guys
took one girl upstairs.
Those articles all mentioned
a gang-rape cover-up.
I don't want anything
to do with you.
Asher: I have a girl
about to come over.
How am I supposed to explain
that my sister's here?
I just want to talk.
It's Cora Duncan. I'll get back
to you as soon as possible.
Okay.
Let's finally do the thing.
Gabriel: They're
her therapy sessions with Sam.
Gabriel: But it was you
who manipulated him.
[ Recorder clicks ]
Young Annalise:
I met someone else.
Young Sam: Who is it?
He's my therapist.
I found her.
His cab's license matches
the one Laurel got into.
It's some kind
of safe house.
The FBI?
Are you working with them?
No.
[ Knock on door ]
No. Frank?
Frank.
[ Recorder clicks ]
Young Annalise:
I met someone else.
Young Sam: Who is it?
A man.
He's kind,
caring, handsome.
Problem is,
he's my therapist.
Annalise --
I'm sorry, I just can't stop
thinking about you.
I'm married.
To a woman who doesn't
make you happy.
She does.
You're lying.
You're just as lost as me.
I see it, Sam.
And you see me -- all of me,
even the worst parts,
and they don't scare you
because you want this, too.
Tell me I'm wrong.
See? You can't.
This happens in therapy,
Annalise.
You've felt this
with other patients?
Have you?
Tell me to go
if that's what you want.
Of course
I don't want that.
'Cause you want me?
Say it, or I'll go.
I want you.
I've wanted you
since the second I saw you.
Touch me.
Touch me, Sam.
Annalise, I want...
every part of you.
[ Zipper opens, smooching ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Recorder clicks ]
♪♪
[ Ringing stops ]
[ Sniffles ]
Hey.
[ Indistinct talking ]
Bonnie, how bad is it?
-We don't know yet.
-He's hypotensive.
-Blood pressure 70 over palp.
-Oxygen saturation's below 80.
Prep him for ultrasound.
Let's look for blood in the gut.
What does that mean?
Internal bleeding?
Ma'am, please step back.
[ Coughing ]
♪♪
Hey, Frank.
Where is she?
[ Chuckles ] You think
I'd follow you here if I knew?
All I've done since that night
is try to find her.
I'm embarrassed
I haven't.
But Laurel...
Laurel's always been
a few steps ahead.
Of all of us,
apparently.
You finished,
or you gonna kill me?
Mnh-mnh.
Last thing I want to do
is hurt you, Frank.
'Cause you know
the Feds are on your ass.
No.
'Cause you're the only guy
smart enough
to help me find
my sister.
I'll kill you before I ever
let you see Laurel again.
It's nice seeing you.
[ Taser crackling ]
♪♪
Psst.
Hey.
Check-in time.
Check-in for what?
Regret, shame,
Catholic guilt.
None of the above.
You?
I feel great.
It's weird.
Okay, here we go.
Eggs Benedict.
Let me know
if I used too much cayenne.
I have an aggressive hand.
As you both know.
Can we keep him?
Michaela:
It was a one-night stand?
I got to know Iris
during Dwight's trial.
She was a rock,
you know --
the way she handled stress
while working two jobs,
yet she was the one
giving me props.
Yeah, it was
a one-night stand, but...
it meant something to me.
When did she tell you
she was pregnant?
She didn't.
I found out after I saw her
a few months later.
She begged me
not to say anything.
So it was her decision?
How convenient she's not alive
to say otherwise.
You think I'd choose
to have my own daughter
be raised
by someone else?
You did choose that.
And I regretted it --
for years,
until I finally
looked you up.
You were already
in high school.
You should've come
and rescued me.
You were a valedictorian.
You had a full scholarship
to Yale.
I only reached out to Annalise
when you got into Middleton,
asked her to keep her eye
on you, which she has, I hope?
Sir, your video conference with
the Rytax Board is starting.
Come by my room
tomorrow at 10:00.
You have a strategy call
at 10:00 tomorrow.
Cancel it.
10:00?
Sleep well.
♪♪
I was a hot mess after Dad died.
You can't blame me for that.
I blame you
for siding with Mom.
She made me.
You are an adult woman,
Chloe!
Mom said
that you were the one
who made up that stuff
about Dad being corrupt.
He was corrupt.
I don't believe that.
Why would he kill himself
if he was innocent, Chloe?
Don't you even wanna know
why I'm here?
You're broke, right?
Or you got another DUI and Dad's
not here to bail you out?
[ Scoffs ]
It's Mom.
She needs you.
Screw her.
She hasn't left the house
in months!
She keeps talking about
giving up, and...
I'm scared she's gonna
hang herself, like Dad.
[ Monitor beeping ]
He is not gonna die.
It's Frank.
He's gonna
outlive us all.
Here.
Oh, hell no.
I'm jittery enough.
When are you
gonna tell her?
Tell me what?
Nate?
The FBI
offered me a deal.
When?
A few days ago.
I told them no.
Then why not tell me?
So you wouldn't
react this way.
I'm reacting this way
because you didn't tell me.
Tell her the rest, Nate.
He still thinks Tegan is
working with the Castillos.
Stop.
How do we know she's not part
of what happened to Frank?
You're an idiot.
You're here
with Frank Delfino?
Yes.
Do you know something?
No. We're hoping to get
some information from you.
-You're all family?
-Friends.
Frank lives with me.
He was left at my house.
Our records say
a man called 911.
Yeah, that was me.
Who are you
to Mr. Delfino?
A friend.
Like she told you.
Please don't
get aggressive, sir.
Annalise:
You want to see aggressive?
Then keep asking
these stupid questions.
We know who did this
to Frank.
His name is
Xavier Castillo,
and the FBI knows
where to find him,
so go out there
and do your damn job.
[ Frank coughs ]
Dr. Cundey!
Sir, please do not move.
Frank, it's Bonnie.
Let's restrain him.
-He needs morphine!
-IV's out.
Get me 50 mikes fentanyl!
Was it Xavier?
Did he do this to you?
-Laurel.
-What?
Laurel.
You saw Laurel?
She was there?
Let's get him
to the OR!
Laurel was there.
We don't know that.
Well, he said her name.
She was there.
♪♪
Woman: Someone call
the on-call surgeon.
We need to get him
into surgery.
♪♪
The FBI has an informant
working against you and Keating.
It's someone
in your group.
Frank:
Give me the name.
First, help me
find my sister, Frank.
Laurel hates you.
More than your father,
even.
'Cause at least your father
came up on his own.
But you...
It must be hard to know
that Daddy's little girl
will always outshine you.
♪♪
[ Thud, Frank coughs ]
He just
went into surgery.
I'm telling you that
so you can update the FBI.
Well, Lanford says
Miller's innocent.
And you believe that?
Not sure.
Why are you being a fool?
I could say the same
for you believing Tegan.
Oh, shut up with that.
Give me proof
she ain't behind all this.
I have my gut,
the same gut that tells me
that you are not an informant
for the FBI.
Or am I
being a fool here?
After everything that we've
been through with your father,
maybe you're small enough
to turn on me.
Keep talking to me
like that,
you make a deal
look better and better.
♪♪
Still love working
the weekends, huh?
I'm not working today.
I just wanted you to see
my new giant, corner,
managing-partner office.
And you don't want me
near your apartment.
Townhouse.
And that's true.
No way in hell
I'm letting you go home
and tell Patrick you don't like
my window treatments.
They're fantastic,
by the way.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm sure they are.
♪♪
Hi, Tegan.
Hello, Cora.
♪♪
Sit.
Shall we start
at the top?
Yeah.
[ Knock on door ]
There won't be any air rights on
the market left in five years.
You've --
Listen, Warren,
my next meeting's here.
Just meet the asking price.
Alright.
You didn't run back
to Philly?
Thought about it.
Hey, you hungry?
I-I-I don't know what you like.
I just ordered
the whole menu.
Well, if it's gonna
go to waste...
So...
I have more questions
about my mother, obviously,
but also exactly how did you
find out that I was adopted?
First, I'd like to talk to you
about this --
"Birthing While Black:
Racial Disparities in
Maternal Mortality."
You were, what, eight years
ahead of the curve on this?
Is that my Yale thesis?
I leave no stone unturned
when it comes to researching
a new business partner.
Um...new what?
I've been getting dozens
of proposals on my women's fund,
and I would like you
to help me decide
who gets
the first cash infusion.
That sounds more like "employee"
than "business partner."
Not if you're getting 2%
on the back end
of my future earnings.
10%.
2.5.
You left me in a swamp.
3.
With horrible white people.
Anything more than 3.5
is extortion.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Boyfriend problems?
Need me to handle him?
4% is as low
as I'll go.
Otherwise, I'll take
that entire platter of macarons
and you'll never
see me again.
[ Chuckles lightly ]
Deal.
Rochelle, get Michaela started
with everything she needs.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Shiu's on the line.
Mm.
Li, hey.
Tell me you did not pull the
trigger on this Huang-Zhao deal.
[ Cellphone buzzes ]
Wake up.
It's Saturday.
Don't care.
I got stuff to do.
"Stuff" more important
than your suicidal mother?
Yes, actually.
Now, leave so I can get ready.
[ Chuckles ]
God, your breath smells
like ass, by the way.
That's your apartment.
Well, at least I paid for it
with my own money.
-And out you go.
-Okay, wait.
Chloe, enough.
Mom fixed the Tiffany thing
for you.
Asher:
Dad, I'm in trouble.
What's wrong, Ash?
It's about Tiffany.
That was Dad.
It was Mom.
She scared Tiffany's parents
into dropping the case
because that's who Mom is.
She'll do anything
to protect her children,
even if they're rapists.
I didn't --
That was --
Your friends?
Right.
My point is, now it's your turn
to be there for her.
And me.
We're your family.
You ditched me
when I needed you the most,
so I found a new family.
Who?
It's none of your business,
okay?
Would you get out
of my house, please?
It's not a house.
Go.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Where's Michaela?
Connor: She's still on her
lover's getaway with Gabriel.
-Tell me you're joking.
-Yeah, my sentiments exactly.
They're just hooking up.
Now, tell us why you're here.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Frank got beat up.
We think it was Xavier.
-Is he okay?
-How bad was it?
He's in surgery now, but we
have to prepare for the worst.
The worst?
Like, he might die?
Or that we're next?
We're fine.
They kidnapped Laurel
and Christopher. We're not fine.
You're mad at me
when I don't tell you things
and mad when I do.
Okay, I have -- I have something
to tell you all.
Please don't yell at me.
Oliver?
Frank might've
found Laurel.
-What?
-Where?
He had a photo of her
leaving a bank.
It was a few days
after she disappeared.
She was getting in a cab,
so I helped Frank
find the driver.
Why didn't you tell us?
Because Frank said
he didn't want everyone
making fun of him about
being obsessed with Laurel.
And you fell for that?
Did the cab driver know
where Laurel was going?
No. Frank said the guy didn't
even remember driving her,
so I thought
he stopped looking for her.
I'm sorry.
Well, don't apologize to him.
Apologize to Frank.
He's the one who might die
because of your stupidity.
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
How you doing?
Tired?
It's Laurel, right?
She's talking
to the FBI.
[ Chuckles ]
Frank, we're only here
because I want you
to help me find her.
She cleared out her safety
deposit box a few weeks ago.
You probably helped her.
No.
So this is all
just some trap.
I emptied
the safe deposit box, Frank.
Well, not me.
Her.
♪♪
My assistant, Jamie.
She took everything inside,
including Wes' confession.
He wrote about
how you killed Sam,
Annalise helped cover it up,
how you shot Wallace Mahoney.
So?
Take it to the FBI.
All I want
is my sister back.
You just have to say yes.
♪♪
Trauma surgeon:
The main source of the bleeding
was caused
by a large intestinal tear,
but we also believe
that he was electrocuted.
We discovered burn marks
on the body.
The effects of electrocution
can cause kidney failure,
as well as the loss
of some physical ability.
Like what?
Breathing, walking, all types
of motor coordination.
I'm only telling you
so that you can prepare.
[ Bonnie sniffles ]
This is Michaela Pratt.
A text or e-mail
is preferred to voicemail.
[ Beep ]
Look, I know you're pissed,
but you're also the one
who said "no ghosting," so...
I'm not giving up.
Call me.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Ms. DaSilva's proposal
for wind energy
guarantees you
a double-digit return
on your $10 million investment
within five years.
Unless the region's
political instability
makes foreign investment
unfeasible.
No, what's happening
in Venezuela and Bolivia
works to your advantage.
I'm sorry.
This proposal's a pass for me.
But I'm your business partner,
and I'm right.
[ Cellphone buzzes ]
Take the loss.
Move on.
Mr. Vick, I have Yardley
calling from Reykjavik.
Mm.
Uh, Rochelle, tell Yardley
we'll call back.
And you leave, too.
[ Scoffs ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
So, is this
what you did to my mom --
told her what she wanted
so she'd open her legs,
then ditched her
when you got your fill?
That is not
how any of this happened.
See,
what I don't understand
is not checking on her
after she had me,
or at least wanting to make sure
that she or I was okay.
Or maybe...you're making up
that version of the story.
Why would I do that?
To hide the fact
that you're a bad person.
Okay.
Michaela, fine.
Let's say
that I screwed up --
I just did.
♪♪
What can I do
to get you to trust me?
Seriously?
This is the biggest regret
of my life,
and I want to fix it.
Us.
♪♪
Give me money.
[ Chuckles softly ]
Is that all?
Considering
you're incapable
of giving me a half-hour
of your time
without a work call
interrupting?
Yes.
♪♪
And don't think that this is
a one-time payment.
I researched
your net worth.
Here.
♪♪
Take whatever
you think you deserve.
Tegan: You're paying
for all the couples counseling.
It was couples counseling.
We both went.
Because of you and Patrick.
Hell, make him pay for it.
That's not gonna happen.
'Cause he's still stuck
in that janky FEMA job?
We broke up, Tegan.
When?
Six months ago.
Go ahead.
Do your victory lap.
Laugh your ass off.
You thought
this would make me happy?
The only thing worse
than being left for a man
is being left for a man
you're no longer with.
You're really making this
about you?
Why are you
only telling me this now?
Your egotistical ass
thought I'd get my hopes up
about
getting back together?
No. No, that's not --
Then admit this.
That whole story about you
and Patrick not being a thing
until after we separated --
that's bull, right?
You were sleeping together
before?
We did not get intimate
until after I moved out.
But...I had feelings
for him before.
♪♪
I'm about to take you
for everything you're worth.
♪♪
Are we sure
this is even a real check?
It better be so we can
cash it for millions
and all flee
the Castillos.
Michaela: No.
Just listen
to what's been going on here.
It's a trap to find out
how much I think I'm worth.
What does Gabriel
think you should do?
Since you took him
to meet your father
instead of, say, me?
We don't have time
for this.
You know, the last time
I told you a secret,
you went
straight to Annalise
and said Gabriel killed
his mom's ex.
Yeah, I still think
he did that.
Well, he didn't.
Well, he's a liar.
We're all liars,
even Oliver.
I was just trying
to be a good friend.
To Frank?
Wait, what did I miss?
Oh, nothing big.
Just -- Frank found Laurel.
What?!
Yeah.
And Oliver knew
and didn't tell us,
and now Frank's
about to die in a hospital
after being beaten up
by probably Xavier.
What -- How are you
telling me this just now?
You were too busy
humble bragging about
your blank check.
[ Knock on door ]
Oh, don't worry.
That's probably just Xavier
coming to kill us all.
♪♪
Who are you?
Chloe.
Is my brother here?
You stalker.
You forgot to turn off
your location on Flirt Inferno.
Hi, friends
Asher thinks of as family.
♪♪
[ Monitor beeping ]
Frank: Aah!
♪♪
[ Bonnie inhales deeply ]
[ Electricity crackling ]
[ Groans ]
Just say stop,
and we will.
♪♪
Guard: Hey.
[ Inhales deeply, sighs ]
[ Whispering ]
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
[ Monitor beeping ]
♪♪
You can't leave me here
all alone, okay?
You gotta stay for me.
♪♪
How long have
y'all known each other?
Since we got to law school.
Now let's go.
But you all live here
except Asher. Why is that?
'Cause I wanted
to live alone.
Now, get over here
and leave.
No. I wanna get to know
your friends/family.
Did my brother tell you
that our mom's not well?
Chloe.
-What's wrong with your mom?
-Suicidal.
She's exaggerating.
That's her one special skill.
We lost all our family money
due to our dead dad
being falsely accused
of corruption.
See? All the lies
you never wanted to hear.
If they care about you
like you say they do, Asher,
'course they want to hear.
You do care about him,
right?
Of course.
-We love him.
-He's like a brother.
Asher's middle name?
You.
He...doesn't have one.
It's Kevin,
and [chuckles]
I'm sorry, uh,
what's your point?
What? You don't think that
we're close to your brother?
That we don't know that
his favorite holiday
is the Super Bowl?
Ice cream, rocky road.
Oh, and you know
what else I know?
He needed you
after your dad died,
but you weren't there.
I was.
Oh, my God.
Are you dating this girl?
No.
But we did,
for a very long time,
something it seems
that you would know
if you were as close to Asher
as you say you are.
Oh.
And the name's Michaela.
I'm ready to go now.
Yeah.
Sorry.
♪♪
Tell me
how Frank found Laurel.
♪♪
Nate: Peace offering.
Thanks.
[ Monitor beeping ]
What?
Tegan's wife is in town.
Can you please stop?
She works
for Homeland Security.
Don't they have
a history of torture?
I can't deal with this
right now.
I know.
But now's not the time to let
our guard down about anyone.
[ Knock on door ]
[ Chuckles ]
Flowers just 'cause I told you
you can come over?
They were sitting
at your door.
Oh.
[ Exhales sharply ]
"Might these persuade you
to say yes
to a second date?
Robert."
Robert from
our Flirt Inferno case?
Mm.
We went on a date.
I honestly forgot
until now.
You get some?
Tell me
what he's working with.
Not that I care...
but if you're gonna go
with a man,
it better be worth it.
[ Sighs ]
You're drunk?
Sloppy.
I did some shots
before coming here,
out of respect
for your sobriety and whatnot.
Bad day?
[ Sighs ] The worst.
[ Voice breaking ]
Cora and I finally sat down
to work out the divorce,
but...
See?
These tears mean
I'm still in love with her.
I wish I weren't,
but the dumb bitch
is in my blood!
It's good
the bitch is in your blood.
Why?
'Cause that means
you're alive.
♪♪
Do you know
how much I admire you?
Why? 'Cause my life
is so perfect?
It's not perfect.
That's what I admire.
And you don't pretend it is
or that you're perfect.
You're messy...
and honest.
[ Sniffles ]
It can be brutal.
[ Chuckles ]
But it makes me
just want to be near you.
♪♪
I'm glad I know you,
Annalise.
♪♪
I'm gonna get you some food
to soak up that gin.
♪♪
How's he doing?
The same.
Our Gabriel problem
is back.
What?
Vivian had tapes
of my therapy with Sam.
Gabriel heard them.
♪♪
I crossed a line.
I went after him.
No.
He was your doctor.
All this time, I told myself
that I wasn't to blame,
but...
Because that's how
they do it.
They get us to blame ourselves
when it's them.
I was afraid to be gay.
♪♪
Should've stayed with Eve,
loved her,
but I wanted
to be normal,
I wanted
to be accepted.
So I threw myself at him,
and look where it's gotten us.
♪♪
Everything bad
that's happened to us
started with Sam,
not you.
♪♪
Forgive yourself.
[ Recorder clicks ]
Young Annalise: You don't
have to see me again.
Sam: What?
If this was
a mistake...
No. No, this...
this is the best decision
I've made in years.
[ Recorder clicks ]
♪♪
[ Cellphone chimes ]
I get why you would be
so angry.
That tape makes me sound like
a villain.
Because you were.
Listen, I've been
lying to myself for years,
telling myself
that it was all Sam,
that he manipulated me.
So, what's the truth?
Say it.
To his son who was raised
without a father.
Say it right now.
I went after Sam
because I didn't want
to be left alone.
I was just
a few years older
than what you are right now,
Gabriel.
I was a mess.
So, I wanted to be loved,
regardless of who I hurt.
So, you've changed?
That woman on the tape --
you don't...
lie like that anymore?
I hope not.
Then why lie to Michaela
about not knowing her father?
♪♪
[ Door opens, closes ]
[ Sighs ]
Avoiding Oliver?
Who knew
that he'd turn out to be
the biggest liar
of us all?
[ Exhales sharply ]
Nope.
Apparently, Laurel
still holds that title.
[ Breathes deeply ]
I have to dump Gabriel.
Why?
He took Solomon's side.
Bastard.
You know
who's not a bastard?
Asher.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Alright, no more moping.
This...
is a golden ticket.
I say you take the money
and run.
[ Groans ]
But I want him to suffer.
Like, sue him
for child abandonment
and get him disbarred.
Make it public and messy
and ruin his reputation
and career and life.
What?
Wasn't he, like, our age
when this all happened?
So?
So you'd probably do
the same thing.
Abandon my child?
Choose your career
over everything else.
♪ I know ♪
I hate you.
♪ Who you are ♪
Annalise: I didn't call you here
to talk about Michaela.
I want to tell you
about Sam.
That's why you're here,
right?
So, ask me anything
you want to know about him.
♪ A scratch becomes a scar ♪
Why'd you choose him
over Eve?
♪ A scratch becomes a scar ♪
Because he looked like
a version of life
I'd dreamed about
my whole childhood.
Big house, nice family,
easy smile.
He belonged...
while I never felt
like I did.
♪ I know how to move you ♪
Thanks for coming back.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
I have trouble
being honest.
You know that.
Especially when I'm hurt.
And I'm hurt.
♪ You're making me choose ♪
Still.
I wish I could say
I'm over you.
I wish I could just let go
and move on.
But I still miss you.
♪♪
Tegan...
...I don't miss you.
It's brutal for me
to say that, I know.
I know that.
But I haven't missed you
for a while.
Even before Patrick.
Look, I didn't want
to hurt you,
so I made it about him,
but...
God's honest is...
I wasn't in love with you
anymore.
And I'm not
in love with you now.
It's over, Tea.
We're over.
♪♪
♪ You fail ♪
Thank you for telling me.
Annalise:
Sam never stopped pushing me.
He pushed me
to want to know myself,
to admit
that I wanted a family...
...children...
things I believed
I never could have.
Chloe: They're not
good people, Asher.
You met them
for five minutes.
I have a good gut
about these things,
and those people
are bad news.
I think you're confusing them
with Mom and Dad.
[ Scoffs ] See?
The Asher I knew before
would never say something
as hideous as that.
Those bad people
were there for me
when no one was,
including you.
But will they be there for you
after law school?
Yeah.
I think that they will.
You think?
Because I think you're doing
what you did with Dad --
becoming some person you're not
to fit in and be liked.
That's your M.O.
You're so desperate to be
accepted that you don't realize
the people
whose approval you want
don't deserve yours.
You don't know who I am
anymore, Chloe.
I know you're not happy.
I mean,
look at your eyes.
They're sad eyes,
baby brother.
Meanwhile,
you're pushing away
the people
who actually love you --
me, Mom.
We're your family.
And we need you so bad
right now.
Not just Mom.
Me too.
So, please,
just come home.
Give us another chance.
♪♪
Annalise:
But then, I wasn't enough.
Sam wanted more.
You.
That's why I never stopped
trying to give him a child.
Because he wanted you.
He wanted you, Gabriel.
He loved you.
♪♪
Oliver: You ever gonna sleep
in the same room as me again?
Why didn't you tell me?
I was just doing
what Frank asked.
I'm your husband.
And you knew how guilty
I felt about Christopher.
So why not say something?
I mean, you --
you can tell me anything
and -- and I can take it
because we're married,
and I don't want
to get divorced yet,
even though
I'm really angry right now.
I knew
you would tell Annalise.
No, I wouldn't!
I don't know
if I believe that.
So, you don't trust me?
No.
That's what you're saying?
I mean, after everything
we've been through together?
Your husband, who loves you
more than anything in the world,
you don't trust me?
I'm just being honest.
That's part
of being married, too.
[ Scoffs ]
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Did Frank die?
It's Ravi.
He wants to...come over
for a second round.
[ Monitor beeping ]
Hey.
It's me.
[ Coughing ]
[ Beeping quickens ]
We need a nurse here!
Please! Hurry up!
[ Gasps ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Ringing stops ]
Hi.
[ Sobbing ] Annalise?
You have to come
right away.
What happened?
[ Sniffles ]
He's awake.
Okay. Is he okay?
[ Exhales sharply ]
Talk.
He was saying "Laurel"
to you.
What?
He was saying "Laurel"
to you
because you helped her
disappear.
♪♪
Guard: Hey.
[ Inhales deeply, sighs ]
♪♪
[ Whispering ]
[ Chuckles ]
Ahhhhhh.
Finally makes sense.
What?
How Laurel got away.
It was Annalise.
Bonnie: Laurel paid you
to help her.
No!
Do not lie to me.
Xavier told Frank that,
and you two are dumb enough
to believe it?
Where did you
get the money, then?
Xavier: It's Annalise's
secret bank account.
You didn't know, did you?
There's no proof
that money came from Laurel.
Bermuda North Atlantic Bank.
It's where my family does
all their offshore business.
My dad, me, Laurel.
$208,000.
[ Chuckles ]
That's a whole lot of cash
to come up with out of nowhere.
Annalise:
That's my money.
From where?
C&G.
I got them to give me
my bonus.
[ Voice breaking ]
Why wouldn't you tell me that?
Because it's for me.
Okay, for when Nate or Gabriel
or you turn on me,
I can get the hell out of here
and actually live.
Xavier: You honestly think
Annalise cares about you?
She only cares
about herself.
And you've been her loyal dog
long enough.
Annalise knows
where Laurel is, Frank.
You can help me
find her.
Annalise: This is
exactly what Xavier wants.
He tortured Frank
to torture us,
and it's working.
That's how
we're all gonna go down.
Not because we got beat,
but because we...
...we beat ourselves.
[ Sobbing ]
Bonnie.
[ Crying ]
♪♪
[ Clears throat ]
Don't.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
I'm fine.
Okay.
♪♪
[ Voice breaking ]
I'm fine.
[ Crying ]
I'm fine. I'm fine.
[ Sobbing, whimpering ]
♪ I see you in disguise,
sometimes ♪
♪♪
♪ The feeling ♪
[ Engine sputters ]
♪ Never dies in your eyes ♪
You gotta be kidding me.
Come on.
[ Engine sputters ]
Need some help?
♪ I wish that you could be
here with me ♪
♪♪
[ Monitor beeping ]
♪ I'm lost ♪
♪ Like a ghost
in this burning sea ♪
You believe her?
♪♪
I do.
♪ Ohhhhh ♪
You're right, okay?
You're always right.
Don't try to talk.
About Laurel.
All loving her ever got me
was hurt.
There's only one person
that's...
always been there
for me...
and it's you.
♪♪
I love you, Bon.
[ Exhales sharply ]
And I owe you so much.
♪♪
[ Line ringing ]
Man:
Bermuda North Atlantic Bank.
May I please have
your personal access code?
Bravo, Bravo, Tango,
Whiskey, Echo, 8-1-1-2.
Thank you.
How may I help --
What's the account balance?
Uh, one moment
while I check.
♪♪
Uh, your current balance
is $2.17.
No, that account
has over $200,000.
According to our system,
that money was withdrawn
this morning.
Ma'am?
Are you still there?
♪♪
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
[ Cellphone clicks ]
I was wondering
when you'd call.
You could've
called me first.
Well, you know
that I like to be chased.
Ah. I was hoping
you'd grown out of that.
[ Chuckles ]
Solomon?
Yeah.
It's time to pay up.
♪♪
♪ Ohhhh ♪
Chloe?
Is that you?
Yep.
And look
who I brought, Mom.
Hey, Mom.
[ Gasps ]
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪♪
[ Exhales sharply ]
♪ Ohhhhhh, ohhhhhh, oh ♪
[ Breathes shakily ]
♪♪
[ Exhales deeply ]
[ Crying ]
We're gonna fix this,
okay?
No big deal.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Knock on door ]
Asher?
Please open up.
Asher.
[ Door opens ]
Gabriel: Michaela.
♪♪
You still mad at me?
No.
I'm just mad
that you were right.
♪♪
I do want more
than just his money.
I want a father.
So...
can we stop fighting?
Of course.
That's why
I've been calling you.
♪♪
I missed you so much.
Come here.
♪♪
We have a dead informant
on our hands, Michaela.
♪♪
[ Radio chatter ]
Stop right there,
ma'am.
I'm here
on behalf of my client.
This is a closed crime scene.
No lawyers allowed.
I represent a suspect
in this case,
so you better believe
I'm going up those stairs
before you plant evidence
or destroy DNA.
Ma'am,
we are following protocol.
Like I trust you.
Is the body still there?
I can't share that.
Because you're messing
with a corpse to make
my client look guilty?
Ma'am, I'm gonna
have to ask you to leave,
or I will call
my captain.
Try it.
I'll sue your ass,
and my client
will get off scot-free.
You'll have made my day.
♪♪
[ Dog barks ]